---
pageType: dailyNote
aliases:
  - "7.15.2025"
created: "7.15.2025"
---
# Notes
---

Intent Action classification 
- LLM Actions 
	- QnA
	- Summarize
- Search 
	- Documnet or user assets
- Tool Action 
	- Document manipulation 
	- [[Firefly|FF]], [[Express|AX]] and [[Acrobat|Acrobat]] only 

Other scope call outs
- For starters, we will handle only single-intent queries and will not attempt to parse or support multi-intent requests.
- If the intent is unclear or missing necessary context, we will not attempt to guess or infer additional information. Instead, we will process the query based on what is explicitly provided and allow the workflow to prompt the user for any missing details as needed. 
- Extensible for new intents 

[[vibe spec]]


We're creating an app which allows users to search a public database of uploaded assets. On the main page the user can select one of two options: 
- upload
- search

Clicking upload presents the user with a file drag and drop surface.
Clicking search displays a search box. 
- the user should be able to search for assets by file name

Any user may search for any uploaded asset. 




# Meetings 
---

## [[Lr Home|Lightroom]] #meetings 

- confirming with [[Peter Baust|peter]] that we can drop shooting settings 
- Est for indexing load

## [[Subhajit]] #meetings/1x1 

From Amazon, search ranker for retail and visual search

## [[Ritu Goel|Ritu]] #meetings/1x1 

**[[Query Understanding]]**
- [[Kosta Blank|Kosta]] asked for more clarity on I2A expectations
	- jay's requirements: [[Document Cloud Workstream.pdf]]
- anything left for me to jump in on otherwise?
- [[Core Affinity Framework|CAF]]
	- having a point of view on the quick action stuff 
		- PS QAs vs [[Express]] vs. other
		- [[Jing Zheng|Jing]]'s team is working on quick action
	- Just write a sort of place holder problem statement 

**[[Recommendations Home|Recommendations]]**
Creative [[Recommendations Home|recommendations]]
- photoshop and DVa [[Recommendations Home|Recs]]

**Enterprise content [[Recommendations Home|recommendations]]**
- This would be [[Brian Eriksson|Brian]] and I

## [[Francois Guerin|Francois]] #meetings/1x1 

Some spec or design of the different features in [[Query Understanding]]. 
What is the logical flow or input / output of these systems? 


mock ups for [[Query Understanding]] discovery hub UI 