---
pageType: dailyNote
publish: false
aliases:
  - 06.17.2024
  - 6.17.2024
created: "6.17.2024"
---
# Notes
---
Strategic reasoning behind this: 

In working with Vic, Amanda, and the Express UX teams over the last month or so i've learned a few things:
1. This is going to be a longer battle than even the first GA of this feature 
2. Express dose not have an informed opinion about our relevancy, or even an ability to articulate their desired experience. We must own the query and Ai relevance outcomes here. 
3. Express has had an impression in the past of SDC not always being the most polished/relevant. We've brought them in too early before, and the initial negative impression was hard to over come. Artemis has started to reverse that impression, we should be mindful to get a few things right before we bring them in. 
	1. I recognize this means we're delaying getting hard feedback from them, but i've asked repeatedly for hands on feedback in the demo plugin and never gotten any. When I demo live the feedback I get is vague at best. Express simply isn't going to give us very good feedback or direction on experience. Again, we must own the outcomes of our models and queries. 

The user testing is the AB in august. Express **IS** going contextual, it's not a question anymore. Everything we're doing now is the beginning of a multi-year journey in [[Personalization Home|personalization]] and contextualization in express.


- [x] Srini is fucking around with color harmony on Search-47812, ping back 

- [x] Clarify RPD doc 
	- [x] Definitions of done for the different epics 
	- [x] Re-mix milestones to put the must haves in M2 and the other shit in M3
	- [x] Add an M5

- [x] Slack Ritu about concerns about releasing the addOn 
	- We don't stand to learn much, if they click a lot, if they don't etc that we won't learn if we're well instrumented to document relevance from production 
		- The plug in UI has nothing to do with the A/B test design. The user traction metics aren't useful to us. It's just a relevance review. 
	- We need to think about the broader UX experience in Express. 
	- "going bold" can be a bigger objective, we need to think beyond EOQ3. EOQ3 is the beginning of contextualization, not the end. That A/B test (maybe we should stop calling it AB test?) is the user study.

hypothesis validation



## Milestones for contextual 

- Get rid of phases, no one cares. 

**Milestone 1** was the demo
**Milestone 2** is basic [[Color]] + relevance
- [[Color]] extraction (start from template)
- Disambiguation 
- When to update 
- Non-repeating
**Milestone 3** is full [[Color]] + relevance, this is when we'll start involving [[Express]] in evals 
- Multi-intent 
- Recency bias
- Fall back 
- Thresholding
**Milestone 4** is GA in August 
- Prod Readiness 
- Contextual bandit design proposal 
	- User events IDd


# Meetings 
---

## KPI Amplitude dashboard for Express Editor

- [x] KPI for: What assets were added in a user session
- searh
- browse

What was the first asset added


- [x] Central location for NFRs across all the services 
	- Same place as the version retention, etc 
	- Ops and SLA page