---
pageType: dailyNote
aliases:
  - "6.5.2025"
created: "6.5.2025"
---
# Notes
---


Lens name processing
- Skip iphone lenses
- Contextual names like 
	- ef 24-70 or just 24-70 since users will know it's a Canon lens because they own it or used it. 
	- cut decimal places in focal lengths, use whole integer only
		- Continue to keep decimals in any f-numbers 

We are training an NER or pattern recognition system for [[Lr Home|lightroom]] search to provide query decoration and sub-string extraction on user catalog queries for lenses. This JSON is a list of the top 1000 lens models by document count in the current index. As you can see the names are quite messy, and inconsistant. I'd like you to clean this up, deduplicating things and creating a mapping of common lens name patterns. I'd like you to consider how each user might search for photos they've shot based on lenses used. Each user will have some context for the lenses in their own catalog, and won't be search for the full or exact lens name. Even if they've shot with multiple brands they will probably only specify a lens brand to disambiguate one lens model from another eg "canon 24-70" vs "sony 24-70". 

A few other points to consider: 
Many manufacturers will have some common zoom lenses
- higher end 24-70 
- a kit 18-55
- a kit 55-200 
	- or some other tele zoom 
- use whole focal length numbers
	- keep decimals on f-numbers 

Primes will also have trends like 
- Common focal lengths 
	- 24mm, 28mm, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 75 etc. 
- Max aperture 
	- f/1.4, f/1.8, f/2.0, f/2.8, etc

Produce a mapping which groups likely lens name queries with the lenses they are referring to. 


# Meetings 
---

## [[Ritu Goel|Ritu]] Breakout #meetings/1x1 

**POCs**
- [[Recommendations Home|DC]]
	- acrobat tools and content
	- [[Express]] 
		- acrobat studio is going to become a big entry point for [[Express]] 
		- image editing for [[Recommendations Home|PDF]] will kick out to [[Express]]
		- content coming from Stock  
	- Ultimate goal is an AMA agent for [[Recommendations Home|PDF]]
- [[Firefly]] Zeke conversations 
	- [[Firefly]] app as entry point for next gen creators
		- launches the generations and kicks out to [[Photoshop]], lr web, etc. 
			- image, video, vector, audio  
	- Photoshop, illustrator, premier web, lightroom web
		- asset and tool understanding 
- Content supply Chain
	- Unified asset picker for DAM
		- 17-20 re-downloads/uploads
	- DX unified discovery thing again 

## [[Cherag Aroraa|Cherag]] #meetings/1x1 

- Orientation, date, filetype are complete 
	- validate w vikalp 
- People, location - committed to end of June 
- camera data -  [[Query Understanding|NER]] model approach 
	- Expectation date: July 

