---
pageType: dailyNote
publish: false
aliases:
  - 05.15.2024
  - 5.15.2024
created: "5.15.2024"
---
# Notes
---
- [x] Sync with [[Vic Chen|Vic]] on slide & TT
- [x] UI ticket 
	- Make it more test looking 
	- Make it fetch the real asset 

- [x] New test of checklist 
## [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] tech investment thoughts 
We need to hammer out this hierarchy and L0 stuff, it's only going to get more important as we go along. 
- What's next there? Start re-classifying nodes? 
- Formalizing the metadata structure 
- Deny & conditional deny 
	- Bake into metadata structure?
	- Write jira story 

# Meetings 
---

## [[Tracy King|Tracy]] 1x1 #meetings/1x1  

- Thanks for talking to my friend from UT
- Logic for contextual understanding in a project 
	- Some Anchoring heuristic 
	- Measuring signal of new/different elements 
- What can we do about long prompt? 
	- [[Compositional intents|Compositionality]] 
	- Is a template about a meetup for runners a composed intent or just a ranking problem?
		- Social + running / fitness 


Use the nodes we have that are stored as one intent, but are really composed, to [[Evaluation|eval]] the ground truth of associations. 
- Kids birthday vs "kids" + "birthday"

In start from blank, you're probably going to put the most important stuff first. Save the prior as part of the next calculation. 

For the "when to update" could we do it by greyscaling and looking at the vis difference 




## [[Brian Eriksson|Brian]] #meetings/1x1 #meetings/1x1 

- The move to 3.5.2
	- They're still on 3.2, anything i can help with?
-  Stats and KPIs around contextual 
	- They want to push desktop only to start, this 
- Long prompt + [[Artemis]]
	- Sounds like I missed a meeting 

## Standup #meetings 

- questions 
	- Long prompt client exp 
	- Size of MMv2 
	- Prompt search evals test 






## Random taxonomy meeting with [[venkat]] & [[Ravindra Sadaphule]] 
- [x] Create taxonomy proposal including the DMe stuff
https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=adobesearch&title=DMe+Intent+Taxonomy

