---
pageType: dailyNote
publish: false
aliases:
  - 04.11.2024
  - 4.11.2024
created: "4.11.2024"
---
# Notes
---
## Random thoughts on using other parts of CC to refine [[CPT]] and [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] [[Style Home]]

~~**Strategy point 1: We should separate training sources and labeling.**~~ 
~~Language around [[Style Home|style]] has very little in the way of hard and fast definitions. Most of this is in some way, subjective. Therefor we will have to make some assumptions or assertions on our own, and know that these will change depending on a few factors:~~
- ~~Who's communicating about [[Style Home|style]].~~ 
	- ~~Across expertise levels (Express Communicator vs. Creative Cloud C-Pro)~~
	- ~~Across cultures and regions.~~
- ~~This language will change over time.~~ 
	- ~~What is considered "minimalist" today will be looked at as "contemporary" later on. We must take this adaptability of language into account when building [[Style Home|style]].~~ 
~~Likewise, creativity isn't absolute or exact. We'll need to be able to produce ranges of results which aren't always perfectly ranked by similarity, relevance, etc.~~
~~Even in situations where we need to name some style, we should be a bit opaque with our definition and leave ourselves space to dither/interleave some assets that may not be the best match possible.~~ 

**Strategy point 2: taking a wider view of data sources**
Stock is a great source of data, having well structures and deep collections of content across modality. But Stock is a marketplace, and it follows that the content in stock then has a different intention or context than something someone would create themselves. 

Other data sources we should consider: 
- [[Behance]]
	- We've heard feedback that part of the goal for a lot of express users is that they want their projects to feel "pro". To help them with this, we should look at pro work. 
	- Behance is a place for creatives around the world to show off their projects. 
		- A project is a collection of videos, images, text, etc.
		- Each Project has a view and Appreciation counter so you can track how many people have viewed your Project and given you an Appreciation, or kudos on a job well done.
-  [[Lr Home|Lightroom]] Catalog & Community
	- [[Lr Home|Lightroom]] community is a space where users can post their shots, along with all the edits they made as a means of sharing techniques and skills as well as images. 
		- Category and style tags
		- Favs & remixes 
- Adobe [[Color]]  
	- Adobe color is an app for extracting color pallets from some image, sharing pallets you've made, navigating color harmonies, and better understanding color. The Adobe color team has several interesing pieces of data and technology
		- A color extraction system for getting color from images, as well as bucketing colors which are similar 
			- Links to the behance or stock asset used in a particular color extraction
		- A log of user behavior around sharing and searching for colors
			- Categories 
			- Likes


# Meetings 
---

