---
pageType: dailyNote
aliases:
  - "4.2.2025"
created: "4.2.2025"
---
# Notes
---

## Questions for 1x1s
- What are some areas where you feel [[Intent AI Home|MINT]] is performing poorly? 
- Are there particular use cases you've seen poor performance on? 
- Are there specific subjects or topics that aren't doing well?



# Meetings 
---

## [[Tracy King|Tracy]] #meetings/1x1 


- getting [[Evaluation|eval]] data sets from folks or test scenarios 
	- allows for 3.5.x vs. [[CKG 4.0|4.0]] vs. legacy 

[[Icons]] and design assets are interchangeable in a lot of use cases for [[generalized asset affinity]] 
probability model 
Won't give them only one 
- we'll give you top rank, but if it's a tie we return two
- dev guide for how to select the cut off 
- Looking at the stock video work
- Context of surface matters a lot
	- just pick a few and cover those 
	- your stuff as a type
What out side of asset type and [[Firefly|GenAI]] do we need to cover? Asking Madhura on stock
search vs gen. 

**[[Intent AI Home|ckg]] [[CKG 4.0|4.0]]**
- on cat, they're doing no proper nouns 
	- false positives on locations 
	- measuring the mapping of concept coverage for T1 languages top queries 
	- sort contributor tags by frequency and do a coverage analysis 
	- make sure we have all the CAT ones
		- looking up from cat concepts 
	- Looking through the query logs in stock and [[Express]] to understand our coverage of proper nouns
		- helps with the random city problem 
		- for proper nouns 



## [[Brian Eriksson|Brian]] #meetings/1x1 

**[[CKG 4.0]]**
- use cases
	- people 
	- MM
	- ? 

**[[Recommendations Home|Recs]]**
- progress on [[Style Home|style]] / [[Personalization Home|personalization]]?


## Venkat #meetings/1x1 

At inference time he's talking ablot about the idea of confidence as a hard threshold. 
- Once this high confidence is established, he wants to browse related node types 
- he wants to use confidence as a means of understanding how wide of a net to cast for looking at 2nd or 3rd results for creative topics

For a 1.0 exact match on `dog` he would only want to get to `pet` as a second request for nav.

For `birthday` exact match, he would then want to search for `relates to birthday type:backgrounds` and use that to go query stock. 
- Relates to scene objects: candels, cakes, baloons 

measure of over specificity as how many leaves a node has. 

identifying content gaps 

Canonicalization is the biggest issue, canonicalized edges as well 

- Canonicalized edge



Precision search for intents, right now we're 

- He dosn't know which node type to use for which use case
- based on some query, give him the canonicalized node (single)
	- then give the associations around that single node

MM
- text, asset, text + asset 
	- 3 distinct cases 

Quality is the bigger issue for him, coverage is fine. 
- coverage may be more of an issue in stock where the corpus is larger 

Finding the people, time, location.

There's no relative time from his perspective. This is a discovery issue in [[Intent AI Home]]. 


**Asset type affinity**
- Express, stock, unified discovery 
- Enterprise content affinity 

for a unified home screen, we'll need to mesh these different pieces. 



## Sudhakar #meetings/1x1 


Diverse set of use cases, expectation is that the user will type some vague shit "add a dog" / "add a heart" 
[[Intent AI Home|MINT]] as a means of transfering udnerstanding or elarning from one use case to another for a cold start solution. 

Graph is a repretentsion of query interest / prompt and the kinds of asset is maps to. 

He mostly care about asset affinity 

Asset type is just another node, and the edges are behaviorally informed weights for the affinity. 
We're going to have one graph for many use cases and depending if its an editor context or a home page context there may be different weights depending on these different contexts. 


Learning the edges for different concepts from the asset metadata in stock.
- tag click data
	- A mapping of how often the indexed tags are actually used to find a given asset 
- Contributors will keyword stuff their images. But by aggregating all the images for a given query, we can find the relevant tags. 

"Canonicalizing" keeps coming up 

Thinking about the graph as an adobe wide paltaform which can be used across products and verticals. 

He's worried about over loading the graph. 

he's thinking of the graph as a big DB or index, not a gryaph. The idea that the edges are in there are kind of beyond his pruview. 

He views the node type as an affinity probelm. That the query itself should be enough for scene object vs topic. 

Fine tuning of some model will be done by the client team. 

concerns around quality. 
- poor nodes, poorly categorized into types. 



## lightroom eval #meetings 

- comparison of 2 different semantic search experiences
- dynamic threshold 
	- or static threshold 
- Manual query set 
- 