---
pageType: dailyNote
aliases:
  - "7.23.2025"
created: "7.23.2025"
---
# Notes
---





# Meetings 
---

## Anuj #meetings/1x1 

- [[Lr Home|Lr]] [analytics ticket](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/PECO-3048)
	- It looks like we're capturing 
		- search (incl string?) 
		- Unique Request ID
		- Timestamp?
		- Click position 
		- null results 
	- How would we join FE and BE events here? 
	- This is going into Dunamis? 

Search ID & search keyword is a hard requirement to be able to link all of these together. 
Facet clicks will issue a new search ID, but with the same keyword. 
Shared spec with [[Express]], so the motions on our side are well known for us to optimize. 
- Propagating this out to data bricks 
- Getting some sample data into data bricks 


## [[Tracy King|Tracy]] #meetings/1x1 

- [[Lr Home|Lightroom]] [[Evaluation|eval]] 
	- NDCG? 
	- Golden results sets 

We're following the same rough guidelines or spec as [[Express]] for eventing 

Take the part we send to embeddings, and the list we got back for it, and send it to a VLM for judgement. 
- we may be able to use this 

Two sets of queries (one is an sub set of the other)
1. stuff we do every single time 20-100 
2. Slightly larger set 

Scrape the two and get diffs on between ranker 1 and 2. 
- overlaps at 1, 10, 100
- Number of results between the two for a query 

Test cases for the stuff from the old logs 
- single token dates, camera


**User Intent**
- [[Express]] search vs generate
- [[Express]] quick actions as well 
Actually performing these thgisn 

single actions vs chains of actions
- "find all my contracts from '24 and redact my SSN" -> Chain 

For paremeter extraction, is it done at one time, or step by step, are we canonicalizing? How do we shovel this into the call?
- constructing the request and putting into a call might not be a QU problem. 
	- is this done at the capability team level

"Undo" as an action
- "Recolor the bg red, no, wait blue"
- this is a V2/v3 type of thing, and you get into negation problems. 

the dialog management is fundamentally a client agent problem, we'll have to towkr with the cliuent team to cofing. 

Account issues like "upgrade my subscription", "what's my password"
- things we wouldn't directly take action on


## [[Kosta Blank|Kosta]] #meetings/1x1 

COmpeting priorities between SRL (Ravi) and DC actions (Jay)
- what is P0 and whats not
- POC vs productionilazation

Testing is next. Getting a plan on paper from Jayant. 

