---
pageType: dailyNote
aliases:
  - "6.11.2025"
created: "6.11.2025"
---
# Notes
---



# Meetings 
---

## [[Cherag Aroraa]] #meetings/1x1 

- trading people name for camera & lens brands
	- rule based, short term, hacky
	- https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/SDC-57907
- Varun got sick and had to go in for surgery 
- People name ETA: July 15

## [[Tracy King|Tracy]] #meetings/1x1 

For the L2 categories in the [FY 25 query understanding wiki](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/adobesearch/FY25+Query+Understanding+Affinity+Requirements#FY25QueryUnderstandingAffinityRequirements-Level2) : 
- products are easy 
	- CC 
	- [[Recommendations Home|DC]] 
	- [[experience cloud|DX]] 
- Content is fairly straight forward but things will need to be defined. 
	- Image
		- Photo
			- from a camera  
		- Illustration 
			- Illustrator and Ps and stuff 
		- Vector 
			- Actual vectors 
	- Video
		- What is a video? Where would a GIF go? etc.
	- Documents 
		- Templates? 
		- PDFs in acrobat? 
	- [[Audio]] 
		- [[Audio|music]] 
		- [[Audio|sfx]]
		- speech 
	- ...
- HelpX
	- No idea, go look at their category organization 
- Tools & Quick Actions 
	- Not a lot of inherent taxonomy at the high levels... 


**Other Things we know we want**
- Backgrounds 
- Design assets 
- [[Recommendations Home|DC]] Verbs 
	- getting a list of their actions (aka verbs)
	- it's their quick actions and the little tools in acrobat,~30ish 
- Adding acrobat vs sign as a product space 
	- L2, unless we need to kick it down a level 
- Prompts
	- + long queries 
- presets as tools 
	- albums as tools?
- Sub surface 
	- home vs editor 
- Classifiers which are outside of affinity all together
	- User vs Adobe content isn't an affinity 
		- this is an orthogonal piece of data 
	- Search vs Gen Image 
		- Stock wants to know if you are looking for a generated image, or a shot image 
		- [[Express]] wants to know if you are searching or prompting 


Client teams will need to consume, and interpret affinity scores. Examples of things that aren't affinity. NERs for incredibly specific fields in some query (add an implicit NER example). 


The levels, who needs them, whats needed in Q3 