---
pageType: dailyNote
publish: false
aliases:
  - 03.19.2024
  - 3.19.2024
created: "03.19.2024"
---
# Notes
---

Thoughts on more intelligently using the graph 

[[Sanat Sharma|Sanat]]'s idea to use the inference model to go directly to the scene objects. 
Doing this could more accurately describe the image than going form input to intent to association. We could measure the signal lift this gives us over doing this association traversal. 

measure against, blip or clip or whatever the fuck [[CPT]] is using to caption the images. The goal here is to as accurately and complete describe the image as possible while still be able to link into the node IDs within the graph in order to use it's associations, and retrieval. 



# Meetings 
---

## [[Brian Eriksson|Brian]] #meetings/1x1 

Talking about using the graph as an embedding limiter 

[[CPT]] dosn't store the image, it makes a caption of the image. This is unique to them though, and should be [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] intents. 
[[CPT]] shouldn't have to do all it's own content understanding and asset understanding. 

long form prompt understanding 

"what are the important aspects of this MM input"

## Justin #meetings/1x1 

- Internationalizing in [[Firefly]] 
	- Language detection 
	- Translation (bing)
	- Pre-processing 
		- Deny list, de-bias, etc 
	- Generation 
they'll prioritize the prompt for location info 
- debiasing controls for selecting region 

## [[Kosta Blank|Kosta]] #meetings/1x1 

- Design assets [[Evaluation|eval]] 
	- These are the [[Icons]] and design assets, but without the query changes from benjamin? Any update?
	- Running a round 
- Vis cohesion
	- Before we get to [[Style Home]] what can we do
	- Stock vectors from A1? 
- Ranking carousels of image / design assets 


Big demo to [[govind]] on the 12th/14th 


For visual cohesion 
- Go find a template and then qiery for the association + [[Style Home|style]] of template in query to stock and see what comes back 


- [x] Bother Benjamin 
	- semantic specificity 
	- visual cohesion hack 
		- train on template tags
			- [[Color]] thief 
- [x] Ticket for Maya
	- Just do tabs 