---
pageType: dailyNote
publish: false
aliases:
  - 03.1.2024
  - 3.1.2024
created: "03.1.2024"
---
# Notes
---
## Dada 
The dadaists whole thing was “we hate the elitist, capitalistic, fine art establishment; so we’re going to [make non-sense](https://www.tate.org.uk/art/artworks/hausmann-the-art-critic-t01918) as a rejection of it and the people in it”. It’s been a debate ([and meme](https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/1141660-dat-boi)[)](https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/1141660-dat-boi))) in art circles for a hundred years. The most infamous dada work is [Marcel Duchamp’s The Fountain](https://artsandculture.google.com/asset/fountain/1QGek4Lw6B5sBQ?hl=en&ms=%7B%22x%22:0.5,%22y%22:0.5,%22z%22:9.084633485522309,%22size%22:%7B%22width%22:1.7377072922303212,%22height%22:1.2375%7D%7D), a urinal found at a construction site, signed by the artist, and then put on display. It’s been making art gatekeepers mad since the day it was made. And i’ve found that [where you stand on dada being art is a pretty good indicator on where you stand with [[Firefly|GenAI]] creation](https://adobesearch.slack.com/archives/C03RF8E73NJ/p1694698165354899?thread_ts=1694697553.711459&cid=C03RF8E73NJ). For a lot of the same reasons too; I notice a lot of folks who hate Gen creation tend to be kinda traditionalists/purists. I see a lot of anti-[[Firefly|genAI]] art folks pushing gatekeep-y ideals about what meets the bar for “art” and why anything outside of that definition is at best not good art, and at worst a detractor from some other, “realer”, and more _arty_ art.My hunch is that in 20 years if you go to the MoMA you’re not going to see very many works that are purely generated, but a **lot** of the works in there will have involved generation at some point in it’s creation. It’s kind of inevitable, w[e had the same debate 25 years ago with Photoshop](https://arc.net/l/quote/xecmtkha)...  
But no matter how you feel about [[Firefly|GenAI]] art; just like Duchamp’s autographed urinal, [[Firefly|GenAI]] is forever a part of Art and Art History, the gatekeepers are still mad, and the debate looks ready to go on for another hundred years. Thanks for coming to my Ted talk 



Next week i've got to get the user canvas legal thing going

## Thoughts on the graph 
### Manual structure 
We can go through a couple systematic adds: 
- A - Z 
- All Countries 
	- Capital cities
	- Cities we already have in the graph 
- Styles hierarchy (30) 
	- 6 main, 24 sub 

### Deny/Conditional Lists
To make the graph appropriate for useage in production, where we may  display nodes, return associations, and change query results, we will categorize nodes which are anything less than completely benign (objects, locations, numbers, etc) into 2 classes: *Deny* and *Conditional*. Both of these lists will be included in the graph, and used in training new versions of the graph. But at retrieval time when a surface team is using CKG, each will have different default behavior. 
#### Deny List 
The deny list are terms which are already known by adobe to be offensive, crude, or otherwise unfit for use in user facing apps. We know eventually this list will vary by location, for instance some words which are fine in the US are highly offensive in the UK, and vice versa. For now, we'll use US_EN as the standard. As the graph and inference models are expanded for multi-region and multi-language we'll included these region specific deny lists. 

As mentioned above these nodes will be included in the training of the graph, but will removed manually after association training, so that they **cannot be returned** in an app. Things which will be deny listed would include: 
- Any term in the Autocomplete or Stock Deny listuse the Autocomplete/stock Deny lists 
- Any new slurs, pornographic terms, etc we come across 

#### Conditional List 
The conditional list are things which on their own, or in certain associations might be ok, but can draw very negative associations in other contexts. 
For an example a few months ago we saw an association between "crime" and "immigrant". In isolation these are fine nodes, but the association is decidedly xenophobic. Similarly we might have a node for something like "Sexual Assault" which on it's own isn't ok to return but if combined with things like "awareness" or "prevention", it becomes reasonable to use. You can imagine similar cases like these surrounding some of the following categories of information: 
- Any people group 
	- LGBTQ, Race, Religion, Nationality 
- Diseases
- Crimes and inhumane behavior 

We're going to need to be a bit more clever in how we set up default behavior here, my personal take is that we'll need to go node by node over everything in this category once the graph is done training and decide if the node is: 
- Ok to use / display on it's own or not
- Ok in most associations, but not certain ones 
- Only ok with certain associations, and not on it's own 



# Meetings 
---

## [[Tracy King|Tracy]] #meetings/1x1 

Grey list of things which *might be okay*

Systematic ads: 
- letters, countries, states, cities 
- autotagger for stock [[Audio]]
	- they have [[Style Home]] and genres 
	- have adobe research do this
	- vocals vs non vocals 
- [[Style Home]] 
	- build the [[Style Home]] hierachy manually 

Using the behavior click data in a session to look at search es containing a [[Style Home|style]] token and what was clicked. Image similarity /A1 embeddings use clip score or embeddings to generalize 

## [[Intent AI Home|ckg]] checkin #meetings 

- connecting the [[Style Home]] work to the retrieval problem on stock
- the thing where stock images have a million little things in it, is called an icon sheet
	- removing icon sheets, and renders 
- Evaluating 
	- photos
		- filter out sheets
	- design assets
	- icons
	- backgrounds
	- text lockups 
	- Shapes (optional)
