---
pageType: dailyNote
aliases: 
created: "3.25.2025"
---
# Notes
---
reading back through here, I have 2 main concerns: 
1. I don’t have a lot of confidence that the current approach of synthetic data is going to yield strong results. In the wiki we say that "men's jacket pencil outline" should be "shape". But looking at express the "Shape" type it's mostly geometric and simplistic shapes. Something detailed like a "mens jacket" (closest version of the subString which had results) would likely be a design asset *in my opinion*. I call out "*in my opinion here*" because this is still just an approximation of what a user had in mind. Which seems like an explore/exploit problem to me. Do we have any point of view on the line between a query affinity case and an Explore/Exploit case?  
2. I'm also worried about [[Intent AI Home|MINT]] being pit against a somewhat impossible task here. These strings are quite long, and this seems like a task for a language model more so than [[Intent AI Home|MINT]] service itself. 



## [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] Roadmap

### [[CKG 4.0]]
Goal: debut a new architecture for the graph, combining the rich data of bablescape with extensive fine tuning from our query logging to create substantial improvement in the quality and accuracy of understanding delivered by [[Intent AI Home|CKG]]. 

**Milestone 1**
Beyond just scaling [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] up for more nodes and edges, with 4.0 we're looking to drive a step change in the quality and experience of using the graph. 

This new major version brings a few key additions: 
- Clarifying our graph structure by retiring ambiguous node types like "intent" in favor of more readable ones like "Topic"
- new node types like Location, and Human Attributes to better serve app teams with clear and actionable understanding. 
- Clean up of noisy and lower quality nodes left over from the rapid scale up of 3.x
- Lexicalization for improved understanding of concepts across languages, ambiguous terms like "bat", and morphology of terms. 
- Connecting concepts with a denser edge network with ontology. 

Likewise this lays the foundation for future advancements in multi-cultural edges, easier translations between languages, and compositionality of concepts in later milestones. 

**Milestone 2**
- Multi-language 
- Multi-Culture 

**Milestone 3**
- new node types

**Driving user value at the platform level**
These advancements will drive quality improvements across [[Intent AI Home|MINT]]'s dependent use cases: 
- [[Recommendations Home|Contextual Recs]]
	- Better association retrieval will result in higher click through rates
- Express & Stock Search 
	- Improved lexicaliztation with support more complex query cases and more accurate understanding
- Assistant 
	- Improved concept canonicalization, and more detailed understanding of topic and content will improve responses in assistant. 
- Artemis 
	- Understanding of people attributes will provide more diverse, appropriate, and de-biased understanding in [[RAG]] use cases. 



### [[Intent AI Home|SLM]] 

[[March 21, 2025#SLM Use cases]]


# Meetings 
---

## Kosta #meetings #meetings/1x1 

**Express asset affinity**
2 sources for asset affinity  
1. User prompt
2. Context of canvas 

## intent + artemis sync #meetings 

ask for [[Intent AI Home|MINT]]: person detection, if there's two people what are the relationship between the people (partners, siblings, co workers, etc.)
- race, religion de-biasing 


## Lightroom [[Intent AI Home]] [[Query Understanding|NER]] #meetings 

- [Lr hybrid search Wiki page](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/adobesearch/Lr+Hybrid+Search)

Only estimating P0s: 
- date
	- covers "last week" "last year" etc
- filename 
- people 
- filetype
- orientation 

