---
pageType: dailyNote
aliases:
  - "5.16.2025"
created: "5.16.2025"
---
# Notes
---

## [[AdobeOne v2]] for [[Lr Home|Lightroom]] 
**Goals:**
1. Use a legal approved embedding space 
	1. We cannot launch with AdobeOne V1, as it's not legally approved. 
2. Offer a great search experience
	1. This is the point of the whole project :) 
3. Provide a cost effective search
4. Close on a production query strategy in time for a launch at MAX 2025

**Proposal:**
[[AdobeOne v2]] 768 is complete for english and shows better performance than our current model (AOne V1 1024). We'll take our existing baseline query and swap out the V1 embeddings for V2 768, perform an eval to double check there's been no regression, and use this for MAX. 

As the more efficient Matryoshka models come online in Q3, we'll evaluate these offline. If the 768 or 512 Matryoshka models seem viable for us once they finalize and deploy, we would re-index and make the transition to these embeddings after the MAX launch. 
Spending time waiting for these to deploy, and then evaluating them for inclusion in the initial launch version would stall or block other relevance work, and push our timeline beyond MAX'25. We cannot tolerate additional risk, as the timing is already tight.

Cost to move to Matryoshka post-launch shouldn't be too high to make this transition for two reasons: 
1. There will be limited use (and total index size) for semantic search at this point, since it's an opt-in tech preview 
2. We can index the matryoshka embeddings batched, in an offline process while the AdobeOneV2 768 space continues to serve prod traffic in the interim. 


## [[CKG 4.0]] GTM 

What's important to communicate?
- Why we are building a 4.0 version
- What kinds of goals and use cases we had in mind
- Sources of data (nodes or edges) we drew from 
- Timelines 
	- Alpha1
	- Evals & A/B
	- Release and migration 
	- Inference changes 



