---
pageType: dailyNote
aliases:
  - "5.12.2025"
created: "5.12.2025"
---
# Notes
---

First day back after the move to 70 hancock. 

## Test cases for [[CKG 4.0]]
Discuss with [[Kosta Blank|kosta]] [[May 13, 2025]]

**Use cases to test**
1. [[Express]]
	1. Search
		1. Prompts / long search
	2. [[Recommendations Home|contextual recs]]
		1. regular
		2. enterprise / your stuff
	3. [[Artemis]] 
		1. regular 
		2. [[Recommendations Home|PDF]]
2. Stock 
	1. Search
3. [[Recommendations Home|PDF]] 
	1. [[Recommendations Home|Contextual recs]]


**What do we want to know**
1. Did we fix the issues with v3.5.x? (*manual*)
	1. strange results 
	2. improved understanding 
2. Will it work for use case X? (*automated*)
	1. Broad range

**How and when to start engaging stakeholders**
- I'll talk to [[Brian Eriksson|Brian]] and [[Tracy King|Tracy]] this week to discuss search, [[Artemis]] and [[Recommendations Home|recs]] 
- Eshan for your stuff recs
- Michael for assistant? 


# Meetings 
---

## [[Recommendations Home|Recs]] weekly #meetings 

getting the A/B test going. 

putting a PR up for true impressions and just telling them to accept it.

## [[Ritu Goel|Ritu]] #meetings/1x1 

**[[Intent AI Home|CKG]]**
- product taxonomies 
	- asset types
	- tools
	- filetypes
	- etc

**[[Recommendations Home|PDF recs]]**
Re-connecting with them after I was out. So far they're happy with quality and working on some POCs on their side. They already have the API up and running and are getting results back for docs. 

**[[Lr Home|Lr]]**
Prethebha said no major fires while I was out. Any thing you've heard from [[Peter Baust|Peter]]?


**Notes from call**
- Talk to Harish about batch inference for A1

Akhil Shok
PM Dir., has goal of [[Express]] and acrobat MAU activation


## [[Recommendations Home|Recs]] standup #meetings 

Good progress on styles 
