---
pageType: dailyNote
publish: false
aliases:
  - 05.14.2024
  - 5.14.2024
created: "5.14.2024"
---
# Notes
---

## Notes from [[Vic Chen|Vic]]'s [[Recommendations Home|contextual editor]] [PRD](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iAL1JmzcpsbpkkCFBmSFNXN1vXlFmmTf44j5PrWujCw/edit) 

No mention of [[Color]] in V1, need to scope this in. 

Quote: 
> “When I make presentations, maybe I’ll put a photo of a woman dancing. I don’t need to see other dancing photos – I want [[Express]] to say, ‘Here are other things that the same artist created, or that match this look and feel.’ It ensures visual and thematic cohesion and that’s what really saves me time.”  
   – Adobe MAX 2023 roundtable interviewee

Instance of a customer recognizing some of the ideas behind multi-intent templates. 
- [x] prep for retro

## Notes for all hands

While we offer increasing volumes and types of content in [[Express]], sometimes users don’t even know what to search or how to find what might work best for them. [[Recommendations Home|Contextual search]] is terminology that everyone has heard before, but what does it mean in practice for these [[Express]] users? 
In the demo we're about to share, we'll illustrate how contextualized [[Recommendations Home|recommendations]] can guide the user's journey during the creative process. 
We'll show multiple components coming together including an Add-on Plugin and brick in horizon, an aggregator service, the [[Multimodal intent|Multi-Modal]] Intent Service. 
All of these technologies allow us to parse the inputs from the user and the artboard, and provide valuable and inspiring ingredients. These ingredients, in turn, will help users work on their creation much more easily, and iterate on their ideas further and faster.




# Meetings 
---

