---
pageType: dailyNote
publish: false
aliases:
  - 05.22.2024
  - 5.22.2024
created: "5.22.2024"
---
# Notes
---

## Style training: 
Our goal isn't actually to get it working as much as prove we can do it at all. To that end we really just need to prove we can separate subject matter from style. 
To prove this we should create a matrix of subjects and styles, and be able to display interoperability between the two. 


| Subjects | Styles  |     |
| -------- | ------- | --- |
| Cat      | organic |     |
| Dog      | Minimal |     |
|          | elegent |     |
| Car      | bold    |     |

# Meetings 
---
## [[Josep]] #meetings/1x1 

- KG knowledge 
	- Are there any libraries I should go learn or experiment with?
	- Anything in Orilie? 
	- taxonomy & ontology research 
How might I get closer to the technology of knowledge graphs here?

Graph matching and fuzzy locig 


## [[Kosta Blank|Kosta]] #meetings/1x1 
- [x] Need to consider roadmap after [[Express]] completes their investigations 

The graph kind of sucks now. 


## [[Font recs]] & [[Intent AI Home|ckg]] #meetings 

Fonts for fonts.adobe.com

powering search and [[Recommendations Home|recs]] for fonts in express using semantic search, they've tried to generate embeddings.

They have a font taxonomy, names and clusters of fonts. 

Loosley based on the express design styles and stock shit 

## [[Brian Eriksson|Brian]] #meetings/1x1 

- [[April 11, 2024#Random thoughts on using other parts of CC to refine CPT and CKG Home CKG Styles]]
	- Horizon / CPT 
- Getting commitment from [[Express]]
- Updates as project moves along and why leadership is so down into the nitty gritty 
	- Ravindra's constant push for updates

Building a training set of styles and subjects, and then trying to pull the semantic data out of the embedding space. 

I have a team which is good at building models. 

How do I get a list of objects in each of the 6 main styles. 
Modern burger
Corporate burger
Modern cat
Corporate cat
etc...



## [[Tracy King|Tracy]] #meetings/1x1 

How do we get away from semantics in style? 
- There's no ground truth to refer back to for style, but we'll need to enable user to navigate or get stylistic info from query/prompt
- The problem is ultimately that a user might come to us with a prompt for 
	- "Minimalist happy hour invite"and then look at the results and think "that's not minimalistic that's modernistic"
	- Conflicting, complementary, or complex styles: "Futuristic neon watercolor cat in anime style"

How might we develop the golden set for style? 
How might we train on style given how crappy the express metadata is, and how disconnected all the other DMe sources are? 
- Stock, behance, etc. 


Doing the style split work by element class 
- Illustration, photos, etc 
- Using image similiarity in stock 

Behance contact: 
Sven winter 


## Ethics review #meetings 

Odd nodes :
- Sport woman 
- Floral girl 



