---
pageType: dailyNote
publish: false
aliases:
  - 05.16.2024
  - 5.16.2024
created: "5.16.2024"
---
# Notes
---
 
## Notes for Govind demo 

**Problem space introduction:**
There's been a lot of conversation about contextualizing [[Express]] to help users discover relevant content and create good looking projects. We've made some progress with our creative intent understanding technology, which has opened up an opportunity to get that contextualization in the product.
To start i'd like to roll a quick demo...

**[[Intent AI Home|CKG]] Notes**
On the SDC side the intent team is working with the content design team to understand the desired recommendation experience here and start tuning the model and queries. We're exploring how we should be extracting the intents of the canvas, how and where the [[Recommendations Home|recommendations]] should be displayed, and what the most useful query strategies are. 

We’re also starting work our [[Style Home|style]] understanding journey, beginning with [[Color]]. We’ve been working with Hep and the [[Color]] team to better understand [[Color]] extraction and [[Color]] pallets and will start incorporating these [[Color]] relationships into our asset ranking, so that the user will get visually appealing results in these [[Recommendations Home|recs]]. The goal is to be ready with this by End of Q3.

Post MVP we’re also looking to expand intent understanding into modalities like video. And we're especially interested in building up our aesthetic and [[Style Home|style]] understanding. We feel this will be a hugely valuable capability to have in our model that will let us do more in guiding the creation process. Ultimately arriving at an experience that feels like a design mentor or art tutor is helping you create your project as you navigate [[Express]].  

# Meetings 
---

## [[Recommendations Home|contextual editor]] PRD review 
- [[May 14, 2024#Notes from Vic Chen Vic 's Contextual Discovery contextual editor [PRD](https //docs.google.com/document/d/1iAL1JmzcpsbpkkCFBmSFNXN1vXlFmmTf44j5PrWujCw/edit)]]

Shapes and charts 

## [[Ritu Goel|Ritu]] staff #meetings 

- [x] Roadmap for Q3  
	- [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] specific 
	- Contextual 

## [[Francois Guerin|Francois]] [[Evaluation|eval]] #meetings 

using categories and nodes metadata as the criteria for deny lsit 


