---
pageType: dailyNote
aliases:
  - "4.22.2025"
created: "4.22.2025"
---
# Notes
---



## May Demos 
**Goal**
Showcase a deep and precise understanding of [[Multimodal intent|multimodal]] input, and our ability to recommend relevant content, tools, and ideas based on that understanding. 

**Notes**

[[Recommendations Home#Pivot to C-Pro flows]]

# Meetings 
---

## [[Recommendations Home|Recs]] #meetings 

COmment from Venkat: "why wern't you in pre-prod for styles the whole time?"
[[Brian Eriksson|Brian]]: "for the sake of moving quickly. But we should work as a team to make it easier to spin up experiments very quickly on pre-prod"


## [[Ritu Goel|Ritu]] #meetings/1x1 


**Q3 Planning & PTO**
- I'll be OOO May 1 - 9 during our move-in, but i've gotten some head start on the AI foundations and [[Recommendations Home|Recs]] 1-pager updates. 
- See [[Express]] section below...

**[[Intent AI Home|CKG]] 4.0**
We're making good progress and i'm seeing a much better graph starting to come together. I'm worried about not being present enough on this side to communicate the value and how we'll do evals for client cases. 
- Exactly where and when to start involving client teams 
- How we communicate the efficacy 
- How clients can make use of 4.0, even without an updated [[Intent AI Home|MINT]] model
I'll also need to spend some time on this area planning out the phase 2 for graph growth and modeling work. 

**[[Lr Home|Lightroom]]**
- We have summit scope buy in and alignment on the [[Lr Home|Lr]] side
- We've got mocks back from their UX designer
	- they're asking for some features like autocomplete and filter extraction, i'm trying to get time to discuss on a call with them. 
- It's been a painful grind but we have a baseline query strategy chalked out on our [side](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/adobesearch/Lightroom+Semantic+Search+Evaluation+Guidelines+and+Plan#LightroomSemanticSearchEvaluationGuidelinesandPlan-Phase1-Selectingabaseline) 
	- There's a ways to go on precision relevance for sure, and recall is still too big
	- We're getting ElasticSearch expertise help from [[Tracy King|Tracy]] & [[Cherag Aroraa|Cherag]] for planning these further advancements. 
	- We've got a number of disc. hub changes planned to make testing better and more complete for hybrid use cases.
- The [[Lr Home|Lr]] team is very anxious about the indexing, COGS, and infra work
	- Relevance & query work will continue to happen in parallel to this


**[[Express]] headwinds & pivots**

We seem to have waning buy in from [[Express]]... 
- Video unlikely to hit this year, in talking to Hep & Lisa they just seem to have a lot of nuts and bots type of work on their Q3 list. 
- Based on the "Feature Complete - Content Pillar - Stock [[Audio|Music]] [[Recommendations Home|Recommendations]] for video creations A/B test V2" email [[Audio|SFX]]/[[Audio|MUSIC]] now seem like we're too late.
	- And these low or no value for SDC in doing this in [[Express]] now as it would be a rip and replace not net new feature. 
- Search and All tab is a win, and will get us more traffic but isn't going to land in Q2, and won't be a big win for SDC since it's mostly on the [[Express]] side. 

The only things we're likely to get points for delivering in [[Express]] this year on [[Recommendations Home|recs]] are: 
- [[Style Home|Style]] A/B
	- Good progress, [[Asim Kadav|Asim]]'s team has a model that meets our internal bar and we're indexing in pre-prod for a bigger [[Evaluation|eval]] 
- [[Personalization Home|Personalization]] A/B
	- Collab up with research is going well, they have our data and are testing [[Personalization Home|explore/exploit]] approaches. They're going to follow up and give us a POC to work with longer term 


*Big question: how do we our pivot 2H [[Recommendations Home|recs]] roadmap to CC and [[Recommendations Home|PDF]]?*
A lot of other products getting very excited. So, if we're not going to be able to score many big wins in [[Express]] this year, how do we pivot and find the PMs in Ps, Squirrel, or [[Recommendations Home|PDF]] who are excited about [[Recommendations Home|contextual recs]] enough to get something going in those products this year? 