---
pageType: dailyNote
publish: false
aliases:
  - 04.5.2024
  - 4.5.2024
created: "4.5.2024"
---
# Notes
---

## Search relevance warning for [[Live Search]]


>HMW allow merchants who are not search experts, to clearly understand when product metadata, or search config might be lower the relevance, recall, or conversion performance of their search? 

Here I'll take the example of Toyota: 

A customer goes to Toyota and searches for `floor mats` but sees mostly `roof racks` in the top k results. 
In this situation they would be likely to get frustrated, and raise a support ticket blaming our search. Causing us to have to go through their metadata to find the real cause of the odd results. 

Can we do some analysis on the shopper behavior in a result set for a query and the query term an indicator that relevance is poor? 
- Highest converting products for a given query & result set pair is not in top Xth % of result positions 
	- "My users have to scroll to page 4 to get the good results!"
- A product which converts well in other queries, ranks in topK position but is not clicked for this query term 
	-  "This is a popular product, but is not relevant here!"
- A query term is popular, and has products with strong sales history in the results set, but the result set does not convert well (based on some avg or margin of search CR)
	- "why would you show oil filters in a query about tires??"

Possible sources of error:
- Some product just sucks and dosn't convert no matter what query 
- Insufficient data to make significant measure 

2 phases: 
1. Alert merchants to their queries which are not performing well
2. Allow them to drill into the query results and use the explain API to see what fields/synonyms/etc caused these products to rank where they did

My suggestion would be not to show stats here. Just show an alert that "tires" query has poor user behavior and that they should go look at the metadata. 






## Legal Ask

### Branded content in the graph 
The flow I’m thinking about here is someone who tries searching for “spiderman birthday card”, sees we don’t have branded content, goes and gets their own spiderman image, and then when they drop that on their canvas and we analyze that image, we can return content around NYC, spiderweb icons, comic book stuff, etc which wouldn’t likely be possible if we only had the more generic understanding of “super hero” there.
The heart of the issue is about wether or not these branded terms can be in our data sets, but not displayed…or if they can’t be there at all.

### user data
What are the rules about user data? Can we anonymize? Can we get export rendition? Can we log the elements they interact with? 



## For roadmap 
Create structure to show what's required vs what would be for long term improvement (v1 vs v2)

Write up in the wiki
details about the [[Intent AI Home|Ckg]] focused shit 

- [x] Do a few evals
	- https://adobesearch.slack.com/archives/C060HKU8BHR/p1712341918909259


# Meetings 
---

## UXR 

Intro about what we're doing: 
- Foundational inference models 
- [[Intent AI Home|Knowledge graph]] for structured exploration


Demo of contextual plugin 

How we can work together: 
- Understanding needs and asks around [[Recommendations Home|contextual discovery]] 
- the differences between [[Personalization Home|personalization]] and contextualization 
- How does contextualization change across the different design tasks 
	- video? Audio?
- EDU 

