---
pageType: dailyNote
aliases: 
created: "3.26.2025"
---
# Notes
---

## [[Recommendations Home|Contextual recs]] 100% email 
I'm thrilled to announce the completion of the 100% rollout of [[Recommendations Home|Contextual Recommendations]] in [[Express]] editor! This is a massive milestone for [[Express]] & SDC, and caps off months of hard work by both teams. I'd like to thank [[Vic Chen|Vic]] and Neetika for their partnership and collaboration. 


# Meetings 
---


## Assistant chat 

What is the priority of the search sub agent? 
- I don't see the value of agent
- There's no real requirements or data 
- There's no buy in from [[Express]] 

We're getting pushed on the query/prompt -> asset type affinity stuff again: 
1. The data is arbitrary and I struggle to see this as a contextualization case vs a [[Personalization Home|personalization]] case
2. If an LLM can't why would [[Intent AI Home|MINT]]?

## [[Ayush Jaiswal|Ayush]] #meetings/1x1 

[[Intent AI Home|CKG]] 4.0 sounds like a real slog... how do you feel like it's going?

Scope is too large in Milestone 1 

we're still trying to ID where to start, [[Intent AI Home|CKG]]? bablescape? What kind of nodes do we want? 

Arvind and [[Mayank Poddar|Mayank]] are working on node discovery. 

## Contextual video [[Recommendations Home|recs]] #meetings 

Words of interest model from adobe research. 

- main focus is informational videos 
	- talking head, visual, facts 

less of the shiny "look at my trip to Australia" 
more focus on timing of things, IDing moments in the video
- Adding text 
- adding banner for a segment 

Suggesting text.
guidance and prompting you to add stuff or do stuff. 


backgrounds are too semantically relevant to be useful, but the icons and assets were useful to add cute dog stuff. 

Boring office background replacement in talking head release videos. 

Use cases:
1. moment identification, segmentation 
2. Non-semantic [[Recommendations Home|recs]]
	1. supplemental content 



## Anuj [[Lr Home|Lr]] sync #meetings 

- Search logging 
	- queries and query volume 
	- Facet usage by field 

No proper logging in [[Lr Home|Lr]] 

Two events currently tracked:
- Clicked on search bar
- Hit enter and submit a search 

No faceting logging 

Writing a jira ticket for [[Lr Home|Lr]] logging. 

iOS and Android are considered a separate surfaces. 

- Implementing logging based on geo or surface 

Instrumentation is done by [[Lr Home|Lr]] team. 


## [[Recs]] standup #meetings 

Fine tuning [[Style Home|style]] with the auxiliary set, and the triples set. Trying to keep beating A1v2. 
Audio data in stock should be in elastic by end [[April 30, 2025]]
## Varun kotte #meetings 
[[Intent AI Home|Intent AI Home]] 
- user guide
- implementation guide 
Lots of docs but old

**current work**
1. neural spellchecker 
	1. model [[Evaluation|eval]] 
		1. million queries by volume 
		2. 10% error rate by query count 
		3. 4% by query vol. 
2. Bablescape [[CKG 4.0]] connection 
3. Mirai testing 
	1. search sub agent 
		1. search and gen actions ([[I2A]])
4. Setting a timeout per experience rather than global 
	1. currently 150ms
5. Stock affinity 
	1. T1 locals with new model 

## [[Brian Eriksson|Brian]] #meetings/1x1 

- [[Style Home|style]] 
- [[Personalization Home|personalization]] 

