---
pageType: dailyNote
publish: false
aliases:
  - 03.18.2024
  - 3.18.2024
created: "03.18.2024"
---
# Notes
---

- [x] Make a deny list ticket 
	- Client facing deny list for nodes 

[[Evolving CKG & owning contextual]]

- [x] [Definitions for GT types](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/adobesearch/Creative+Knowledge+Graph+Terminologies+and+Definitions)
	- Definitions 
	- Examples


# Meetings 
---

## [[Brian Eriksson|Brian]] #meetings/1x1 

Navigating SDC 
Demo on April 12

[[Express]] is worried about lack of [[Firefly]] time
The graph part is useless, the inference models are the real juice. 
Rebrand to foundational intent models
Sell MM as a foundational model 

[[CPT]] should be able to generate based on [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] as prompts. [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] artifacts are the real value, wether thats the semantic vectors or intents. 

The graph is a restricted constrains on the embedding space that provide guardrails for the semantic vectors to recommend things. The graph is never really exposed, it's just a restricted embedding space that make recommendations more useful. 



### Tech

- [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] and intent services interoperating with other tech like [[CPT]] and products like Intent to Action 
	- As a feature currently using [[Intent AI Home|CKG]]...where should I be looking out for [[issues]] in these implementations 

How do I wrangle a 125k node graph? Logical definitions tend to get stretched at scale. eg. locations. 

How do we get away from GPT if we have this many nodes to categorize into [[global type|GTs]]?





## [[Ritu Goel|Ritu]] #meetings/1x1 

There's an email from Vipul about priorities of things? 

Bigger strategy discussion about [[Intent AI Home|CKG]]
- [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] isn't useful in itself. it best applications is as guard rails for the inference and recs models. We're unlikely to have every [[Color]] of blue in the graph, [[CPT]] can probably better solve that issue. 
- What is the value of the graph 

My roadmap wiki 

Confusion about contextual starting out as photos, but now more broadly a demo about contextual. 
- Home screen topical order demo?
	- Just mocks here?


Taking over contextual search from andrei, not everything in Express


