---
pageType: dailyNote
publish: false
aliases:
  - 05.7.2024
  - 5.7.2024
created: "5.7.2024"
---
# Notes
---
- [x] Getting a session with Hep to follow back up
- [x] Break down more [[Color]] notes: 
	- Mock UI of ideal exp for: 
		- Extraction of pallet colors
		- Using this as filtering 
- [x] doing some of [[Mayank Poddar|Mayank]]'s stuff in excel 

[Amplitude dashboard for editor info](https://app.amplitude.com/analytics/adobe/dashboard/5zitosm)

## Design prompts for creation evals 
I'm Anthony, founder of Cic. For a while now, I've been looking for a good designer for my music production business. We will need an instagram post we can share to advertise our business. We primarily use the color red.

I'm Lisandra, I just founded a new business called Dopu. I'm looking for someone that can design something for my architectural firm. I would like a simple flyer for an event showcasing some of our designs. Food and drinks will be provided, but RSVP is required. 

I am Shonna, CEO of LunchBoss, a restaurant recommendation app. I'm looking to have a business card for myself. I personally love Greek food, old school fonts, and the color blue.

I am Leona, founder of Authentic London Tours. I'm looking to create an instagram post advertising a special discount for June tours through London, England. 

I am Ray, a local college student looking to make some money offering math lessons to local grade schoolers (Grades 1-5). I need a poster I can pin to community bulletin boards to advertise my business.

I am Gulia, I'm starting a park clean up community event for 1 month from now. We need to get volunteers to help us, so I need something attention grabbing I can share on social media.

I'm Hrithik, an actor who is offering lessons and coaching to aspiring actors. I specialize in character acting, and dance. I need a poster format image, that I can print out and post in the local theaters, and share on Twitter. 

I'm Hideo, a bored local starting a club to go on walks around the city on Saturday mornings to just chat and get to know neighbors. We'll start at a coffee shop at 9AM, and walk for about an hour and a half. I'd like to let people know about my walking club with a social post. 

I'm Teresa, I'd like to make a birthday card for my mom who's turning 51. She loves gardening, running, and BASE jumping. 

I'm Sam, a City Council member who's hosting an info session and public feedback discussion about a proposed design for a new train station in the area. I need an instagram post advertising the event, so that community members will come voice their opinions. 


# Meetings 
---

## [[Kosta Blank|Kosta]] #meetings/1x1 
What's our success criteria over the next 6 months 


## [[Ritu Goel|ritu]] #meetings/1x1 

Getting the design and UX stuff going

- Kosta expressed that there was some confusion between [[Kosta Blank|kosta]] and srini in terms of tasks
	- I'm pm for both?
- [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] checkins?
	- Do we still need them?
- Srini being frustrating 
- Demo for template similarity for the town hall?

- [x] Next steps slide for contextual demo
	- showing next monday in a leadership meeting
	- About the slide
		- working on Design and PRD 
		- improving results
		- color cohesion 
		- Production readiness 

got a 2500 spot bonus


don't worry about language 

