---
pageType: dailyNote
aliases:
  - "5.14.2025"
created: "5.14.2025"
---
# Notes
---


## Adobe Taxonomy 
Go back to first principles and look at what this is for and why it's needed. 
- inter-product 
- your notes about how an adv user would talk to a jr user

Home search rehaul [demo video](https://adobe-my.sharepoint.com/personal/sunderaj_adobe_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fsunderaj%5Fadobe%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FExpress%20Home%20Search%20Rehaul%20Demo%2Emp4&ga=1&LOF=1&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview%2E6e3803de%2D189a%2D4f0d%2Da5d4%2Dbb37094eb6f7) and [POC discovery hub UI](https://discovery-hub.corp.adobe.com:8080/express-home)
# Meetings 
---
## Sandi #meetings/1x1 

- Evals
	- [[Recommendations Home|Contextual recs]] side by sides
		- User projects
		- head / torso / tail templates
- [[Recommendations Home|Contextual Recs]] 
	- UX interviews
	- KPIs
		- Communicating by performance not engagement 

**Notes**
- leadership next week
	- [[Recommendations Home|Contextual recs]] still good
		- Roadmap on track
		- KPIs good
	- [[dc recommendations|pdf recs]]
		- POC good
		- Stock entitlement issues and questions
			- talking to Josh about this 




## [[Recommendations Home|PDF recs]] #meetings 


June release milestones 
- Done by mid next week
Licensing agreement concerns 

[[Express]] and stock paved roads for acrobat 

Context window is a selected text block + image

## [[Brian Eriksson|Brian]] #meetings/1x1 

- [[Evaluation|eval]] for 4.0
	- [[Recommendations Home|contextual recs]] 
	- [[Artemis]] 
	- [[Recommendations Home|PDF]]
- [[People/Vic Chen|Vic]]'s message
	- 

### [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] 4.0
when [[CKG 4.0|CKG4.0]] lands w [[Vipul Dalal|vipul]] and venkat, when they break stuff, how do we respond to this. 
What's the reason we give them for why we don't have whatever concept they want. 
- where do we draw the line, and why did we pick that? 
	- 1000 kinds of worms 

**parts of SJ** 
willow glenn 
sunnyvale
campbell 
N. SJ
Japantown is nice 

## [[Tracy King|Tracy]] #meetings/1x1 

**Topics**
- Evals on [[Intent AI Home|CKG]] 4.0
	- For search, how are they using [[Intent AI Home|CKG]]
	- How do we combat the bad vibes and poor examples people will inevitably find? 
- [[Intent Seasonality|Seasonality]] in the graph?
- [[Lr Home|Lightroom]] adobeoneV2
	- 512 martoshka 
		- 1 [[Evaluation|eval]]
		- looking to them for guidance

**testing 4.0**
do evals ourselves (tight group) as quantitative as possible 
- data source attribution 
- edge type distribution

LLM + manual 

spot checking the LLM results, and spot checking the express and stock logs

then we re-do the manual spot check, with leadership this time. 

error rates by edge type
- "is a" should be near perfect
- But random colors to random days...who cares

Pulling nodes, and looking for associations that are missing. starting to chalk out a 4.1

then looking at multi-lingual, and not penalizing the node because the display name is wrong. 


**Notes**
[Adobeone v2 wiki](https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/display/adobesearch/AdobeOne+for+Search+Evaluation+V2+2025#AdobeOneforSearchEvaluationV22025-AdobeOneV2SDCServicesProposal)
[adobeone v2 eval](https://statics.teams.cdn.office.net/evergreen-assets/safelinks/1/atp-safelinks.html)
The 768 model is in CPF for english.
Matroshka is ordered by the vector count. You can stop at any time. 
Adobeone V2 768 is ready to go right now and won't change for english. 
Re-indexing all of stock is only $5k
